snowflake faq for seeing all nulls (#8152)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/batch-exports/snowflake.md

Batch exports use Snowflake's [internal table stages](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-local-file-system-create-stage#table-stages) to stage the files copied into your Snowflake tables. We recommend using separate tables to export data from PostHog to avoid conflicting with other workflows that use internal table stages.

> **Note:** This differs from the old PostHog Snowflake export app which required extra configuration and used S3 or GCS as an external stage.

## FAQ

### Export is showing up as NULL recods in Snowflake

> This is most likely because you schema is different from what we are sending. To verif run this command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is most likely because the table's schema is different from what we are sending. To verif run this command 
```

```

> snow sql -q "SELECT GET_DDL('TABLE', '\"database_name\".\"schema_name\".\"table_name\"');" --password='password' --account='account' --username='user' --warehouse='warehouse' -x --database='"database_name"'

Author: ```suggestion
snow sql -q "SELECT GET_DDL('TABLE', '\"<database_name>\".\"<schema_name>\".\"<table_name>\"');" --password='<password>' --account='<account>' --username='<user>' --warehouse='<warehouse>' -x --database='"<database_name>"'
```
